amd-20220127 0000002488 false 0000002488 2022-01-27 2022-01-27 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM 8-K CURRENT REPORT Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 January 27, 2022 Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported) ADVANCED MICRO DEVICES, INC. (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 2485 Augustine Drive Santa Clara , California 95054 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) ( 408 ) 749-4000 (Registrant’s telephone number, including area code) N/A (Former Name or Former Address, if Changed Since Last Report) Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions ( see General Instruction A.2. below): Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (§230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (§240.12b-2 of this chapter). Emerging growth company ☐ If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐ Item 8.01 Other Events On January 27, 2022, Advanced Micro Devices, Inc., (“ AMD ”) and Xilinx, Inc. (“ Xilinx ”) received clearance from the National Anti-Monopoly Policy Bureau of the State Administration for Market Regulation of the People’s Republic of China with respect to the merger (the “ Merger ”) of Thrones Merger Sub, Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of AMD (“ Merger Sub ”), with and into Xilinx, with Xilinx surviving the Merger as a wholly owned subsidiary of AMD, pursuant to, and subject to the terms and conditions set forth in, that certain Agreement and Plan of Merger (the “ Merger Agreement ”), dated as of October 26, 2020, by and among AMD, Merger Sub and Xilinx. On January 10, 2022, in connection with the proposed Merger, AMD refiled its Premerger Notification and Report Form (the “ Notification ”) with the Federal Trade Commission (the “ FTC” ) and the Department of Justice (the “ DOJ ”) under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, as amended (the “ HSR Act ”). The Notification was made prior to the one-year expiration of the previous HSR Act notification. The waiting period under the HSR Act, which began upon refiling the Notification, will expire at 11:59 pm, Eastern Time, on February 9, 2022, unless AMD and Xilinx receive early termination or AMD or Xilinx receives a request for additional information that would extend the waiting period. AMD and Xilinx currently anticipate that the closing of the Merger will occur in the first quarter of 2022, subject to the expiration of the waiting period under the HSR Act and the satisfaction (or, to the extent permitted by applicable law, waiver) of the conditions set forth in the Merger Agreement that by their nature are to be satisfied at the closing of the Merger. Cautionary Note Regarding Forward Looking Statements The statements in this communication include forward-looking statements concerning AMD, Xilinx, the proposed transaction and other matters. Forward-looking statements may discuss goals, intentions and expectations as to future plans, trends, events, results of operations or financial condition, or otherwise, based on current beliefs and involve numerous risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made or as of the dates indicated in the statements and should not be relied upon as predictions of future events, as there can be no assurance that the events or circumstances reflected in these statements will be achieved or will occur. Forward-looking statements can often, but not always, be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology including “believes,” “expects,” “may,” “will,” “should,” “seeks,” “intends,” “plans,” “pro forma,” “estimates,” “anticipates,” “designed,” or the negative of these words and phrases, other variations of these words and phrases or comparable terminology. The forward-looking statements in this communication relate to, among other things, satisfying closing conditions to the proposed transaction and the expected timing of the close of the transaction. These forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contemplated by the statements. These risks include, among other things: failure to satisfy closing conditions to the transaction; negative effects of the announcement of the transaction; risks that the businesses will not be integrated successfully or that the combined companies will not realize expected benefits, cost savings, accretion, synergies and/or growth, or that such benefits may take longer to realize than expected; risks relating to unanticipated costs of integration; significant transaction and/or integration costs, or difficulties in connection with the transaction and/or unknown or inestimable liabilities; potential litigation associated with the transaction; the potential impact of the announcement or consummation of the transaction on AMD’s or the combined company’s relationships with suppliers, customers, employers and regulators; the expected tax treatment of the transaction; and demand for the combined company’s products. For a discussion of factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contemplated by forward-looking statements, see the section captioned “Risk Factors” in AMD’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 26, 2020, subsequent Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and other filings with the SEC. While the list of factors presented here is considered representative, no such list should be considered to be a complete statement of all potential risks and uncertainties. Unlisted factors may present significant additional obstacles to the realization of forward looking statements. Many of these risks and uncertainties may be exacerbated by the COVID-19 pandemic and any worsening of the global business and economic environment as a result. AMD does not assume, and hereby disclaims, any obligation to update forward-looking statements, except as may be required by law. SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.