amd-20210111 0000002488 false 0000002488 2021-01-11 2021-01-11 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM 8-K CURRENT REPORT Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 January 11, 2021 Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported) ADVANCED MICRO DEVICES, INC. (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 2485 Augustine Drive Santa Clara , California 95054 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) ( 408 ) 749-4000 (Registrant’s telephone number, including area code) N/A (Former Name or Former Address, if Changed Since Last Report) Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (see General Instruction A.2. below): Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (§230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (§240.12b-2 of this chapter). Emerging growth company ☐ If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐ Item 8.01 Other Events As previously announced, on October 26, 2020, Advanced Micro Devices, Inc., (the “ Company ”), entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the “ Merger Agreement ”), by and among the Company, Thrones Merger Sub, Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company (“ Merger Sub ”), and Xilinx, Inc., (“ Xilinx ”), pursuant to which, subject to the terms and conditions set forth therein, Merger Sub will merge with and into Xilinx (the “ Merger ”), with Xilinx surviving such Merger as a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company. The completion of the Merger is conditioned upon, among other things, the early termination or expiration of any applicable waiting period under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, as amended (the “ HSR Act ”), relating to the consummation of the Merger. Effective as of 11:59 p.m. EST on January 11, 2021, the waiting period under the HSR Act expired with respect to the Merger. The completion of the Merger remains subject to other closing conditions, including the receipt of certain approvals and clearances required under the competition laws of certain foreign jurisdictions, adoption of the Merger Agreement by Xilinx’s stockholders and approval of the issuance of shares of the Company’s common stock in the Merger by the Company’s stockholders. No Offer or Solicitation This communication is not intended to and shall not constitute an offer to buy or sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy or sell any securities, or a solicitation of any vote or approval, nor shall there be any sale of securities in any jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such jurisdiction. No offer of securities shall be made, except by means of a prospectus meeting the requirements of Section 10 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. Additional Information about the Merger and Where to Find It In connection with the proposed transaction, on December 4, 2020, the Company filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “ SEC ”) a preliminary registration statement on Form S-4 that includes a joint proxy statement of the Company and Xilinx and that also constitutes a prospectus with respect to shares of the Company’s common stock to be issued in the proposed transaction (the “ joint proxy statement/prospectus ”). The joint proxy statement/prospectus is not final and may be amended. Each of the Company and Xilinx may also file other relevant documents with the SEC regarding the proposed transaction. This document is not a substitute for the joint proxy statement/prospectus or any other document that the Company or Xilinx has filed or may file with the SEC. The definitive joint proxy statement/prospectus (if and when available) will be mailed to stockholders of the Company and Xilinx. INVESTORS AND SECURITY HOLDERS ARE URGED TO READ THE JOINT PROXY STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS AND ANY OTHER RELEVANT DOCUMENTS THAT ARE OR WILL BE FILED WITH THE SEC, AS WELL AS ANY AMENDMENTS OR SUPPLEMENTS TO THESE DOCUMENTS, CAREFULLY AND IN THEIR ENTIRETY BECAUSE THEY CONTAIN OR WILL CONTAIN IMPORTANT INFORMATION ABOUT THE PROPOSED TRANSACTION. Investors and security holders will be able to obtain free copies of the joint proxy statement/prospectus filed on December 4, 2020 and the final version (if and when available) and other documents containing important information about the Company, Xilinx and the proposed transaction, that are or will be filed with the SEC through the website maintained by the SEC at http://www.sec.gov . Copies of the documents filed with the SEC by the Company will also be available free of charge on the Company’s website at ir.AMD.com or by contacting the Company’s Corporate Secretary by email at Corporate.Secretary@AMD.com. Copies of the documents filed with the SEC by Xilinx will be available free of charge on Xilinx’s website at investor.Xilinx.com or by contacting Xilinx’s Investor Relations department by email at ir@xilinx.com. Participants in the Solicitation The Company, Xilinx and certain of their respective directors and executive officers may be deemed to be participants in the solicitation of proxies in respect of the proposed transaction. Information about the directors and executive officers of the Company, including a description of their direct or indirect interests, by security holdings or otherwise, is set forth in the Company’s proxy statement for its 2020 annual meeting of stockholders, which was filed with the SEC on March 26, 2020. Information about the directors and executive officers of Xilinx, including a description of their direct or indirect interests, by security holdings or otherwise, is set forth in Xilinx’s proxy statement for its 2020 annual meeting of stockholders, which was filed with the SEC on June 19, 2020. Other information regarding the participants in the proxy solicitations and a description of their direct and indirect interests, by security holdings or otherwise, is contained in the joint proxy statement/prospectus filed on December 4, 2020 and any other relevant materials that are or will be filed with the SEC regarding the proposed transaction. You may obtain free copies of these documents using the sources indicated above. Forward Looking Statements The statements in this communication include forward-looking statements concerning the Company, Xilinx, the proposed transaction and other matters. Forward-looking statements may discuss goals, intentions and expectations as to future plans, trends, events, results of operations or financial condition, or otherwise, based on current beliefs and involve numerous risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made or as of the dates indicated in the statements and should not be relied upon as predictions of future events, as there can be no assurance that the events or circumstances reflected in these statements will be achieved or will occur. Forward-looking statements can often, but not always, be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology including “believes,” “expects,” “may,” “will,” “should,” “seeks,” “intends,” “plans,” “pro forma,” “estimates,” “anticipates,” “designed,” or the negative of these words and phrases, other variations of these words and phrases or comparable terminology. The forward-looking statements in this communication relate to, among other things, obtaining applicable regulatory and stockholder approvals, satisfying other closing conditions to the proposed transaction, the expected tax treatment of the transaction, the expected timing of the transaction, and the integration of the businesses and the expected benefits, cost savings, accretion, synergies and growth to result therefrom. These forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contemplated by the statements. These risks include, among other things: failure to obtain applicable regulatory or stockholder approvals in a timely manner or otherwise; failure to satisfy other closing conditions to the transaction; negative effects of the announcement of the transaction; risks that the businesses will not be integrated successfully or that the combined companies will not realize expected benefits, cost savings, accretion, synergies and/or growth, or that such benefits may take longer to realize than expected; risks relating to unanticipated costs of integration; significant transaction and/or integration costs, or difficulties in connection with the transaction and/or unknown or inestimable liabilities; potential litigation associated with the transaction; the potential impact of the announcement or consummation of the transaction on the Company’s or the combined company’s relationships with suppliers, customers, employers and regulators; and demand for the combined company’s products. A more fulsome discussion of the risks related to the proposed transaction will be included in the joint proxy statement/prospectus. For a discussion of factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contemplated by forward-looking statements, see the section captioned “Risk Factors” in the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 28, 2019 and March 28, 2020, respectively, subsequent Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and other filings with the SEC. While the list of factors presented here is, and the list of factors presented in the joint proxy statement/prospectus will be, considered representative, no such list should be considered to be a complete statement of all potential risks and uncertainties. Unlisted factors may present significant additional obstacles to the realization of forward looking statements. Many of these risks and uncertainties may be exacerbated by the COVID-19 pandemic and any worsening of the global business and economic environment as a result. The Company does not assume, and hereby disclaims, any obligation to update forward-looking statements, except as may be required by law. SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.