meta-20250528 0001326801 false 0001326801 2025-05-28 2025-05-28 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM 8-K CURRENT REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 or 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): May 28, 2025 Meta Platforms, Inc. (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 1 Meta Way , Menlo Park , California 94025 (Address of principal executive offices and Zip Code) ( 650 ) 543-4800 (Registrant’s telephone number, including area code) N/A (Former name or former address, if changed since last report) Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions: Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Item 5.07 Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders. On May 28, 2025, Meta Platforms, Inc. (the "Company") held its annual meeting of shareholders via live audio webcast (the "Annual Meeting"). At the Annual Meeting, the Company's shareholders voted on fourteen proposals, each of which is described in more detail in the Company's definitive proxy statement filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 17, 2025 (the "Proxy Statement"). At the beginning of the Annual Meeting, there were 1,769,720,699 shares of Class A common stock and 342,865,499 shares of Class B common stock present or represented by proxy at the Annual Meeting, which represented 92.61% of the combined voting power of the shares of Class A common stock and Class B common stock entitled to vote at the Annual Meeting (voting together as a single class), and which constituted a quorum for the transaction of business. Holders of the Company's Class A common stock were entitled to one vote for each share held as of the close of business on April 1, 2025 (the "Record Date"), and holders of the Company's Class B common stock were entitled to ten votes for each share held as of the Record Date. The shareholders of the Company voted on the following proposals at the Annual Meeting: 1. To elect the fifteen directors nominated by the Company's board of directors, all of whom are currently serving on the Company's board of directors, each to serve until the next annual meeting of shareholders and until his or her successor has been elected and qualified, or until his or her earlier death, resignation, or removal. 2. To ratify the appointment of Ernst & Young LLP as the Company's independent registered public accounting firm for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2025. 3. To approve the Company's 2025 Equity Incentive Plan. 4. A non-binding advisory vote on the compensation program for the Company's named executive officers as disclosed in the Proxy Statement. 5. A non-binding advisory vote on whether a non-binding advisory vote on the compensation program for the Company's named executive officers should be held every one, two or three years. 6. A shareholder proposal regarding dual class capital structure. 7. A shareholder proposal regarding disclosure of voting results based on class of shares. 8. A shareholder proposal regarding report on hate targeting marginalized communities. 9. A shareholder proposal regarding report on child safety impacts and actual harm reduction to children. 10. A shareholder proposal regarding report on risks of deepfakes in online child exploitation. 11. A shareholder proposal regarding report on AI data usage oversight. 12. A shareholder proposal regarding GHG emissions reduction actions. 13. A shareholder proposal regarding Bitcoin treasury assessment. 14. A shareholder proposal regarding report on data collection and advertising practices. 1. Election of Directors Each of the fifteen nominees for director was elected to serve until the next annual meeting of shareholders and until his or her successor has been elected and qualified, or until his or her earlier death, resignation, or removal. 2. Ratification of Appointment of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm There were no broker non-votes on this proposal. The shareholders ratified the appointment of Ernst & Young LLP as the Company's independent registered public accounting firm for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2025. 3. Approval of 2025 Equity Incentive Plan The shareholders approved the Company's 2025 Equity Incentive Plan. 4. Non-Binding Advisory Vote on the Compensation Program for the Company's Named Executive Officers The shareholders approved, on a non-binding advisory basis, the compensation program for the Company's named executive officers as disclosed in the Proxy Statement. 5. Non-Binding Advisory Vote on the Frequency of an Advisory Vote on the Compensation Program for the Company's Named Executive Officers The shareholders approved, on a non-binding advisory basis, holding a non-binding advisory vote on the compensation program for the Company's named executive officers every three years. Based on these results and consistent with the Company's recommendation, the Company's board of directors has determined that the Company will conduct future shareholder advisory votes on the compensation program for its named executive officers once every three years. This policy will remain in effect until the next shareholder vote on the frequency of shareholder advisory votes on the compensation program for the named executive officers, expected to be held at the Company's 2031 annual meeting of shareholders. 6. Shareholder Proposal Regarding Dual Class Capital Structure The shareholders did not approve the shareholder proposal regarding dual class capital structure. 7. Shareholder Proposal Regarding Disclosure of Voting Results Based on Class of Shares The shareholders did not approve the shareholder proposal regarding disclosure of voting results based on class of shares. 8. Shareholder Proposal Regarding Report on Hate Targeting Marginalized Communities The shareholders did not approve the shareholder proposal regarding report on hate targeting marginalized communities. 9. Shareholder Proposal Regarding Report on Child Safety Impacts and Actual Harm Reduction to Children The shareholders did not approve the shareholder proposal regarding report on child safety impacts and actual harm reduction to children. 10. Shareholder Proposal Regarding Report on Risks of Deepfakes in Online Child Exploitation The shareholders did not approve the shareholder proposal regarding report on risks of deepfakes in online child exploitation. 11. Shareholder Proposal Regarding Report on AI Data Usage Oversight The shareholders did not approve the shareholder proposal regarding report on AI data usage oversight. 12. Shareholder Proposal Regarding GHG Emissions Reduction Actions The shareholders did not approve the shareholder proposal regarding GHG emissions reduction actions. 13. Shareholder Proposal Regarding Bitcoin Treasury Assessment The shareholders did not approve the shareholder proposal regarding Bitcoin treasury assessment. 14. Shareholder Proposal Regarding Report on Data Collection and Advertising Practices The shareholders did not approve the shareholder proposal regarding report on data collection and advertising practices. Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits. (d) Exhibits SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.